Section1: What will you learn from this course? - MUST WATCH
1. FAQ’s about the course
2. Installing Python library, Pip Client and Pycharm Editor
3. Important note for MAC Users
4. Important Note before watching next section

Section2: Learn Python Programming Basics from Scratch
 5. Python hello world Program with Basics
6. Datatypes in python and how to get the Type at run time
7. List Datatype and its operations to manipulate
8. Tuple and Dictionary Data types in Python with examples
9. How to Create Dictionaries at run time and add data into it
10. If else condition in python with working examples
11. How loops work in Python and importance of code indentation
12. Programming examples using for loop - 1
13. Programming examples using While loop - 2
14. What are functions? How to use them in Python
15. OOPS Principles: Classes and objects in Python
16. What is Constructor and its role in Object oriented programming
17. Inheritance concepts with examples in Python
18. Strings and its functions in python
19. How to read text file content using Python
20. Importance of readLine and readLines Methods in python
21. Writing Data into File using Python
22. Code Download
Quiz1: Test your Python Basic Knowledge!
Section3: Read and Write to Json Files and parsing using Python Methods
 23. Where to download the code files?
24. How to Parse Json Strings in Python? - Example
25. Parse content in Json file into Dictionary - Example
26. Parsing complex Json with nested Structure and extract values
27. Compare two Json Schemas using Python Dictionaries with example
Quiz2: Section 3 Quiz - Test your knowledge!
Section4: API Automation Testing with Python Requests Library
 28. Install Python requests Library for API Automation
29. Understanding Get http request calls and get response using Json method
30. Validating response status codes and headers using response object
31. Understand automating Post http request with Payload and headers
32. End to end automation flow of API calls using Python
Section5: Setting up Global Properties and OAuth Mechanism for API Testing
 33. Setting global configurations using Python Config object
34. Optimizing resources and payload from externally as reusable data
35. Authenticating API's using Python Automation auth method- Example
36. Section 3-5 Code Download
Quiz3: Section 4 and 5 Quiz - Test Your API Automation Knowledge!
Section6: API Testing Request Library Miscellaneous Concepts
 37. Importance of Session Managing in API Testing
38. Send and Manage cookies for API request calls
39. Time out and Redirection attributes in making request calls
40. Sending Attachments through Post request call using Files Dictionary object
41. Code Snippet download
Section7: Build SQL Utility to interact with Database Tables from Python Code
 42. Setting up MYSQL Instance to drive the data from Python Code
43. Setup Database with the Example Table Data and start Connection
44. SQL Queries download
45. Executing Queries on to Database from Python Code
46. Iterate over database table results set from Python and parse the results
47. Create Connection utility and pass the SQL connection externally into test
Quiz4: Section 7 Quiz
Section8: Integrate Database utilities to API Test for End to end Automation
 48. Integrate Database results into API Test Data to build functional flow
49. Code Download
Section9: BDD Framework Development for API Automation from Scratch
 50. What are the BDD tools we use to Automate in Python Language
51. Install Behave and download Python Professional edition
52. Create Step Definition file with auto generated syntaxes and annotations
53. Implement API Automation actual logic into step Definitions
54. Implement Hooks for the scenarios by defining environment.py file
55. Implement Parameterization to the Test Scenarios using Example outline Keywords
56. Use Tagging mechanism to run selected tests in framework
57. Best practices to write reusable step definitions code for API test Scenarios
58. Integrate Tagging and hooks to build generalize BDD code for Python API Tests
59. Generate Allure reports for Python API BDD Framework
60. Complete Code Download
Section10: Read and Write to CSV files with Parsing using Python methods
 61. Parsing and reading the CSV files using Python csv package
62. Building a logic to get the data from CSV based on conditional query
63. Parsing and writing back to CSV files using Python csv package
64. Where to download code files?
Quiz5: Section 9 Quiz
Section11: Python paramiko Utility to communicate with AWS Linux Servers
 65. Setting up AWS Linux EC2 Instance for solving the project
66. Setting up SSH connection in AWS Linux instances
67. Install Paramiko Package to establish connection to Servers
Section12: Execute Batch Jobs on Linux Servers through Python SSH Utilities
 68. Execute commands on Linux Servers from your local machine using Python code
69. SFTP Connection to upload and download from server using Python Paramiko
70. Example in running batch commands on Linux Servers using Python code
Quiz6: Section 10 & 11 Quiz
Section13: Web Scrapping to extract content for DataScience Projects using Python
 71. What is Web Scrapping in Python?
72. Beautiful Soap package for Scrapping the content on web pages
73. find and findAll methods to parse html content from web pages
74. Scrapping Sub urls with href attribute concatenation to requests url
75. End to end example of Web scrapping with Python
76. Extracting the content from page based on the visible text scrapper
Quiz7: Section 12 Quiz
   71.