Section1: Introduction to Postman Tool for Testing APIs in Collections
Introduction to Postman Tool and its features


Important resources information to learn API Basics


Section2: Getting Started with Postman Tool with its Setup and Sample Project
 3. Install Postman tool and create new Workspace in Postman Account
 4. What are Collections in Postman and how to create HTTP requests under it
 5. Build Library API requests in Postman tool and validate responses
 Quiz1: Knowledge Check for Section 2
Section3: Importance of Postman Variables and Environments for Automation Testing
 6. Walk through the Automation Scenarios Scope for the Library APIs
 7. What are Environments in Postman? How to create them
 8. How to create variables in Postman with different Scopes
 9. Getting started with Scripting in the Postman
 10. How to dynamically generate values from variables into input Payload requests
 Quiz2: Knowledge Check on Section 3
Section4: Postman Scripting Editor Types and Response Assertion Validations
 11. Assertions in Postman and how to use that in Scripting window
 12. Running set of tests together in the Collection as automated runner
 13. Validating JSON response with the input data of other API through Automated code
 14. What is JSON Schema and how to validate it with Postman Scripting
 Quiz3: Knowledge Check on Section 4
Section5: Data Driven Testing with Postman and Dynamic Workflow Automation
 15. Functional logic validations with Postman Scripting Assertions
 16. How to perform Data driven testing from CSV to Postman request Scripts
 17. How to handle Error handling Scenarios in API tests with Postman
 18. How to prepare workflow of Execution Smartly with Postman Scripting
 19. Library API Automation Project code download
Section6: Handling OAuth 2.0 Authenticated Google APIs with Postman
 20. Introduction to OAuth 2.0 and different Grant types
 21. Understand Grant Type Authorization flow with real time example
 22. Flow procedure in achieving OAuth 2.0 Authentication mechanism
 23. Details on Practise OAuth 2.0 project to retrieve Courses list
 24. API Contract and Code download
Section7: End to End Example of Parsing Complex Nested JSON Responses
 25. Preparing Automation Scripting to grab the Access token into Actual request
 26. Learn JavaScript filter, map, reduce functions to parse array
 27. How to parse Complex Nested JSON response through JSON object
 28. Solving Functional validations by parsing nested JSON through JS functions
 29. Retrieving Course titles from Web Automation JSON object through Postman Script
 30. OAuth Automation Project code download
Section8: Mock Servers and Schema Validations with Postman
 31. What is JSON Schema? How to validate the given Schema
 32. Sample JSON response and Generate Schema from given JSON - Example
 33. How to automate the JSON Schema validation through Postman
 34. What are Mock servers? Why do we need them in real time projects
 35. Create Mock Servers in Postman and create sample examples
 36. Functional Mocking Examples through Postman - Part 1
 37. Functional Mocking Examples through Postman - Part 2
Section9: SOAP Web Services Automation through Postman for XML Responses
 38. Understand SOAP Web Services to automate through Postman tool
 39. Create SOAP Collection to start testing SOAP Web Services in Postman
 40. Postman Script to parse SOAP XML responses and validate the data
 41. How to parse complete SOAP XML response as string for Assertion validations
 42. SOAP Project Automation Code download
Section10: What is Newman? Importance of Newman for End-to-End API Automation
 43. What is Newman and importance of it in Postman Automation Execution
 44. How to run Postman scripts from Newman CLI commands
Section11: Run Postman Automation Tests through Jenkins with HTML Reports
 45. Generate Newman HTML execution reports for Postman Script Execution
 46. How to install Jenkins and setup in the Local systems
 47. Create new Jenkins Job for Postman Automation Framework execution
 48. How to create Parameterized Jenkins job to switch environments dynamically
Section12: Team Collaboration and Version Control Features in Postman
 49. How to collaborate with Team members on Postman Workspace
 50. How to create Pull requests and review PRs through Postman Tool for your work
 51. Quick tips on different options in the Postman Tool Window
Section13: End to End Ecommerce API Examples (Session Tokens, Attachments)
 52. Understand the Working nature of APIs and how to find the contract
 53. Create API collection in Postman with Login and Add Product API calls
 54. Create Order API with passing the token and Product info from previous API calls
 55. Test Cleanup process of deleting Order API and viewing order details
 56. Implement Postman Script to dynamically send values into request calls
 57. Running the Postman Automation collection and Assignment details
 58. Code download
Section14: Learn GraphQL from Scratch and Testing with Postman
 59. What is GraphQL? How different it is from Rest APIs
 60. Understanding GraphQL Schema and its Query language
 61. Learn how to write GraphQL Queries to Test GraphQL APIs
 62. Testing GraphQL Queries with Postman and Explorer
 63. What are GraphQL Mutations? How to Test Mutations
 64. Test Multiple GraphQL Mutations with Query variables in Postman
 65. Code download
Section15: Project Code Download
 66. Download the Code
Section16: JavaScript Fundamentals for Postman Automation (Optional Learning)
 67. Please Note
 68. Getting started with Hello World Program in VS Code
 69. Understanding Variables and Datatypes in JavaScript
 70. What are Loops and Conditional Statements in JavaScript
 71. Implementing For and While Loop in JavaScript
 72. Arrays and its methods in JavaScript with Detailed examples - Part 1
 73. Arrays and its methods in JavaScript with Detailed examples - Part 2
 74. JavaScript Array Stream Functions (Filter, Reduce, Map) - Part 1
 75. JavaScript Array Stream Functions (Filter, Reduce, Map) - Part 2
 76. Sorting JavaScript Arrays with optimized logic
 77. What are Functions in JavaScript and its advantages
 78. Understanding var, let, const Keywords in JavaScript
 79. JavaScript String and its manipulation methods with Examples - Part 1
 80. JavaScript String and its manipulation methods with Examples - Part 2
Section17: Learn API Testing Basics (Optional)
 81. Comprehensive 76 minutes video to learn API fundamentals from Scratch


