Section 1: Introduction to Playwright Automation & Course Expectations
Introduction to Playwright and its features
How this Course is designed – Topics Breakup
Install Node.js & Visual Studio for setting up Playwright Environment
Section 2: 3 Hours of JavaScript Fundamentals Including Coding Exercises
 4. Action plan to complete JavaScript learning
Section 3: Getting Started with Playwright Automation Core Concepts
 5. Download the complete course code as zip file
 6. Create npm Project and install Playwright dependencies for testing
 7. npm Error in PowerShell (for Windows Users)
 8. Importance of Playwright Test Annotation and async/await understanding
 9. What is browser context and Page fixtures in Playwright – Example
 10. Importance of Playwright configuration file and its details to run the tests
 11. Setup Assertions in Playwright tests & multiple browsers Configuration
 Role Play 1: Ace Your Playwright Technical Interview
Section 4: Playwright Basic Methods for Web Automation Testing with Examples
 12. Locators supported by Playwright and how to type into elements on page
 13. Extracting text from browser and inserting valid expect assertions in test
 14. How to work with locators which extract multiple web elements in a page
 15. Understanding how wait mechanism works if list of elements are returned
 16. Techniques to wait dynamically for new page in service-based applications
 17. Code download
 Quiz 1: Test your knowledge of Section 4
Section 5: Handling UI Components (Dropdowns, Radio Buttons, etc.)
 18. Handling static Select dropdown options with Playwright
 19. Selecting radio buttons, checkboxes and implementing expect assertions
 20. Using async/await with Assertions and understanding attribute validation
 21. Handling Child windows & Tabs with Playwright by switching browser context
 22. Difference between textContent() & valueInput() methods in Playwright – Example
 23. Code download
 Quiz 2: Test your knowledge of Section 5
Section 6: Learn Playwright Inspectors, Trace Viewers & Codegen Tools with Demos
 24. What is Playwright Inspector? How to debug the Playwright script
 25. Codegen tool to record & playback with generated automation script
 26. Detailed view of Test Traces, HTML reports, logs & screenshots for test results
Section 7: End-to-End Web Automation Practice Exercise with Playwright
 27. Demo of the Application and Test Scenarios to be automated
 28. Write the Script to dynamically find the product to buy from list of products
 29. Add assertions for actions performed and implement necessary sync steps
 30. Handling Auto-suggestive dropdown options with Playwright – Example
 31. Important Note
 32. Complete E2E flow of placing the order and grabbing Order ID with Playwright
 33. Download Code
 34. Dynamically find the order from Order History page using Playwright Script logic
 35. End-to-End code discussed in the Section for reference
 Quiz 3: Quiz on Section 7
Section 8: Playwright Unique GetBy Locators for Smart Testing & Test Runner
 36. Understand how GetByLabel & Playwright UI Runner works – Example
 37. Filtering elements with GetByRole, GetByText and chaining methods in steps
 38. Code download
 39. Understand when GetByLabel can be used to enter into edit boxes
 40. Rewrite end-to-end test with GetByRole and GetByText conjunction with Filter logic
 41. Code download
 42. Strategy on handling Calendar automation using Playwright
 43. End-to-end example of validating Calendars with assertions in Playwright
 44. Code download
 Quiz 4: Quiz on Section 8
Section 9: Handling Web Dialogs, Frames & Event Listeners with Playwright
 45. How to validate if element is hidden or displayed using Expect assertions
 46. How to automate Java/JavaScript Alert popups with Playwright
 47. How to handle and automate Frames with Playwright – Example
Section 10: API Testing with Playwright & Building Mix of Web and API Tests
 48. Understanding the importance of API integration calls for Web tests
 49. Playwright request method to make API calls and grab response – Example
 50. Parsing API response and passing token to browser local storage with Playwright
 51. Place Order API to create order and bypass flow in UI with mix of Web/API
 52. End-to-end validation with mix of API and Web concepts – Reduce test time
 53. Important Prerequisite before next videos
 54. Refactor API calls from utils folder and isolate from Web test logic
 55. Refactor API calls – Part 2 (utils folder isolation)
 56. Code download for APIUtils file
 57. Code download for WebAPIPart1 file
Section 11: Session Storage & Intercepting Network Requests/Responses
 58. How to save session storage using Playwright and inject into new browser context
 59. How to debug API steps in script using Visual Code debugging
 60. Detailed view of Trace viewer to understand API logging requests/responses
 61. How to intercept Network response calls with Playwright route method
 62. Understand Playwright route method and its parameters – Demo
 63. Code download
 64. Intercept Network request calls with Playwright – Example demo
 65. Code download
 66. How to abort Network calls with Playwright – Examples
Section 12: Perform Visual Testing with Playwright Algorithms
 67. Capture Screenshots with Playwright on page & partial Element level – Demo
 68. What is Visual Testing and how to perform it using Playwright
Section 13: Build Excel Utils and Drive Uploads/Downloads using Playwright
 69. Important Note
 70. Introduction to excelJS node module and setting up JS Project
 71. Traversing rows and columns of excel worksheet with excelJS library
 72. Build Util functions to read and update excel files strategically
 73. Update data from excel based on filter search criteria
 74. Strategy to handle download and upload files strategically
 75. End-to-end example for excel edits and assertions with Playwright
 76. Code download
Section 14: Page Object Patterns & Data-Driven Parameterization for Playwright
 77. Important Prerequisite before going through this section
 78. What is Page Object Pattern and its importance
 79. Creating Page Objects and action methods for end-to-end Script – Part 1
 80. Creating Page Objects and action methods for end-to-end Script – Part 2
 81. Assignment Solution – Converting Page Object Model Project
 82. Drive data from external JSON files to Playwright tests
 83. Implement parameterization in tests with different data sets
 84. Pass test data as fixture by extending test annotation behavior
Section 15: Project Configurations & Config Options for Robust Framework
 85. Fix with AI Button – Let LLM Models handle why your tests are failing
 86. Various options in use property & setting up project configurations
 87. Viewport property on emulating browser to mobile devices with Playwright
 88. Screenshots, Traces & SSL certification options in Config file
Section 16: Test Retries, Serial & Parallel Execution and Tagging Tests in Playwright
 89. Fix flaky tests with test retry option in Playwright config file
 90. Understand how Playwright runs tests in serial & parallel mode and update setting
 91. Run tests in parallel from same file by extending test option behavior
 92. Reason for test failures – Race conditions & fix them
 93. Tag tests and control execution from command line parameters
Section 17: HTML & Allure Reporting and CI/CD Jenkins Integration
 94. Generate HTML & Allure Reports for Playwright Framework tests
 95. Create custom scripts to trigger tests from package.json file
 96. Install and configure Jenkins
 97. Integrate Playwright framework with Jenkins and create parameterized jobs
Section 18: Understand TypeScript Basics and Refactor Playwright Framework
 98. Important Note
 99. Understand the differences between TypeScript and JavaScript
 100. Deep dive into TypeScript type syntaxes and their usage – Part 1
 101. Deep dive into TypeScript type syntaxes and their usage – Part 2
 102. Build Playwright PageObject TypeScript files and enforce typing standards
 103. Build Playwright Utility TypeScript files and enforce typing standards
 104. Refactor Playwright tests into TypeScript and run E2E Test
Section 19: Playwright Cucumber Framework Integration with its Features
 105. What is Cucumber Framework and how it fits in Playwright
 106. Configure and setup Cucumber feature files into Playwright Project
 107. Create Step Definition files and associate with Cucumber.js config file
 108. Implement Code Login into Step Definition and run Cucumber feature files
 109. World Constructor – Usage in Playwright Cucumber
 110. Understand Cucumber Hooks and their implementation in Framework
 111. Implement Cucumber Tags for features and demo on Tagged Hooks to filter
 112. Parameterization with Scenario Outline & run tests in parallel Playwright
 113. Generate HTML Reports for Cucumber Playwright & rerun failed scenarios
Section 20: E2E Playwright DevOps Solution Using Azure Cloud Parallel Execution
 114. Introduction to Azure & Playwright Cloud Workspace Resource Creation
 115. Run tests in parallel in Azure Cloud hosted browsers using commands
 116. Intro to Azure CI/CD Pipelines & setting up Playwright repo in cloud
 117. Azure CI/CD pipelines.yml file download
 118. Running Playwright CI/CD pipelines with detailed .yml understanding
Section 21: Course Code Download
 119. Code download
Section 22: Playwright Agents & MCP – Spin up AI Agents inside VS Code
 120. Gen AI Integration to Playwright Framework using GitHub Copilot plugin
 121. What is MCP and how Playwright MCP helps build AI Agent
 122. Use AI Agent mode to create new Playwright tests & execute them with prompting
 123. Playwright inbuilt Agents – How they work under the hood
 124. Set up Playwright Agents & understand Chat mode options with roles
 125. Use Planner & Generator Agent to create Test plan and build associated script
 126. Healing Agent – Repair failed tests generated by Generator Agent
Section 23: Most Commonly Asked JavaScript Programming Interview Questions
 127. How the Interview Questions video is designed
 128. Questions list with timestamp
 129. 75-minute discussion on JavaScript Interview Questions
Section 24: Appendix – Learn JavaScript Fundamentals from Scratch for Automation
 130. Important Info about this Section
 131. Complete 3-hour JavaScript Tutorial for Automation Testing
 Coding Exercise 1: Test your JavaScript Array Knowledge
 Coding Exercise 2: Manipulate an Array of Strings (add, remove, sort)
 Coding Exercise 3: Apply Transformations and Calculations to Array Elements and Filter Results


